First time especially not begging
I vaguely felt that something was wrong.
Although he hides it very well.
But this is absolutely unforgettable.
And this time.
He's too involved.
It's outrageous. It shows his intentions.
The more he acts aloof, pitifully useless.
It makes me even more suspicious.
There must be a conspiracy here.
Of course, let me find the bankrupt neighbor, because you find out a lot of things that are wrong.
Why not give the documents to the King of Quang Lang?
To clear up your doubts.
The evidence is still uncertain.
Sending indiscriminately with full-body intent only
Even...
Some people will just think I'm buried.
I hope you
We have discovered that Quang Lang Vuong is very strict about right and wrong recently.
Several times requests to meet were denied.
There doesn't seem to be anything to him.
Very good.
Khai Ming, please help me arrange it.
I want to make an appointment with the swordsman.
Seriously, what do you mean?
Now I have a plan.
Becoming an enemy has become a well-known fact.
Maybe take this opportunity to pretend to cooperate with him.
He'll lead me to the organization behind the scenes.
To find the real behind-the-scenes decoration.
Please rest assured.
I'll arrange it right away.
The week doesn't exist.
Wait until I find the real clock behind the scenes.
I see what else you're saying.